Starting new log file.
 Version:  1.174 
 
 Processing Ini File {
 Module_name =  Persistent_Kingdoms 
 Num Hints =  22 
 Setting Map Min X =  -180.000000 
 Setting Map Max X =  180.000000 
 Setting Map Min Y =  -145.000000 
 Setting Map Max Y =  145.000000 
 Setting Time Multiplier =  0.250000 
 Setting Seeing Range Multiplier =  6.500000 
 Setting Track Spotting Multiplier =  0.800000 
 Setting player_wounded_treshold =  5.000000 
 Setting hero_wounded_treshold =  15.000000 
 Setting Skill Prisoner Management Bonus =  5 
 Setting Skill Leadership Bonus =  3 
 Setting Base Companion Limit =  20 
 Setting player_xp_multiplier =  2.000000 
 Setting hero_xp_multiplier =  2.000000 
 Setting regulars_xp_multiplier =  3.000000 
 Setting damage_interrupt_attack_treshold =  3.000000 
 Setting damage_interrupt_attack_treshold_mp =  1.000000 
 Setting armor_soak_factor_against_cut =  0.800000 
 Setting armor_soak_factor_against_pierce =  0.650000 
 Setting armor_soak_factor_against_blunt =  0.500000 
 Setting armor_reduction_factor_against_cut =  1.000000 
 Setting armor_reduction_factor_against_pierce =  0.500000 
 Setting armor_reduction_factor_against_blunt =  0.750000 
 Setting horse_charge_damage_multiplier =  1.000000 
 Setting couched_lance_damage_multiplier =  0.650000 
 Setting fall_damage_multiplier =  1.500000 
 Setting shield_penetration_offset =  30.000000 
 Setting shield_penetration_factor =  3.000000 
 Setting missile_damage_speed_power =  1.900000 
 Setting melee_damage_speed_power =  2.000000 
 Setting multiplayer_walk_enabled =  1 
 Setting mission_object_prune_time =  600 
 Scan Module Textures =  1 
 Scan Module Sounds =  1 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_shaders 
 Loading Module Resource  textures 
 Loading Resource  textures_face_gen 
 Loading Module Resource  materials 
 Loading Module Resource  materials_greenbump 
 Loading Resource  materials_face_gen 
 Loading Resource  meshes_face_gen 
 Loading Resource  hair 
 Loading Resource  beards 
 Loading Resource  arabian_armors 
 Loading Resource  arabian_castle 
 Loading Resource  arabian_houses 
 Loading Resource  arabian_horses 
 Loading Resource  arabian_props 
 Loading Resource  arabian_village 
 Loading Resource  arena 
 Loading Resource  arena_costumes 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicB for mesh arena_tunicB 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicR for mesh arena_tunicR 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicY for mesh arena_tunicY 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicG for mesh arena_tunicG 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorR for mesh arena_armorR 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorG for mesh arena_armorG 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorB for mesh arena_armorB 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorY for mesh arena_armorY Loading Resource  armors_b 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material mail_and_plate for mesh mail_and_plate 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material mail_and_plate for mesh mail_and_plate.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material mail_and_plate for mesh mail_and_plate.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material mail_and_plate for mesh mail_and_plate.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material light_mail_and_plate for mesh light_mail_and_plate 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material light_mail_and_plate for mesh light_mail_and_plate.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material light_mail_and_plate for mesh light_mail_and_plate.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material light_mail_and_plate for mesh light_mail_and_plate.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_armor_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_armor_a.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_armor_a.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_armor_a.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_boots_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_boots_a.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_boots_a.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_boots_a.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_a.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_a.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_a.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_a.lod4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_b 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_b.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_b.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_b.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material lamellar_armor_a for mesh lamellar_helmet_b.lod4 Loading Resource  armors_c 
 Loading Resource  armors_d 
 Loading Resource  armors_e 
 Loading Resource  armors_f 
 Loading Resource  armors_g 
 Loading Resource  armors_h 
 Loading Resource  armors_i 
 Loading Resource  armors_new_a 
 Loading Resource  armors_new_arena 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicB for mesh arena_tunicB_new 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicB for mesh arena_tunicB_new.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicG for mesh arena_tunicG_new.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicR for mesh arena_tunicR_new.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorY for mesh arena_tunicY_new.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorG for mesh arena_armorG_new 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorG for mesh arena_armorG_new.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorB for mesh arena_armorB_new.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorR for mesh arena_armorR_new.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorY for mesh arena_armorY_new.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicB for mesh arena_tunicB_new.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicB for mesh arena_tunicB_new.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicB for mesh arena_tunicB_new.lod4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicG for mesh arena_tunicG_new.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicG for mesh arena_tunicG_new.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicG for mesh arena_tunicG_new.lod4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicR for mesh arena_tunicR_new.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicR for mesh arena_tunicR_new.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicR for mesh arena_tunicR_new.lod4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicY for mesh arena_tunicY_new.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicY for mesh arena_tunicY_new.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicY for mesh arena_tunicY_new.lod4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorG for mesh arena_armorG_new.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorG for mesh arena_armorG_new.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorG for mesh arena_armorG_new.lod4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorB for mesh arena_armorB_new.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorB for mesh arena_armorB_new.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorB for mesh arena_armorB_new.lod4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorR for mesh arena_armorR_new.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorR for mesh arena_armorR_new.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorR for mesh arena_armorR_new.lod4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorY for mesh arena_armorY_new.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorY for mesh arena_armorY_new.lod3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorY for mesh arena_armorY_new.lod4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicG for mesh arena_tunicG_new 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicR for mesh arena_tunicR_new 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_tunicY for mesh arena_tunicY_new 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorB for mesh arena_armorB_new 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorR for mesh arena_armorR_new 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material arena_armorY for mesh arena_armorY_new Loading Resource  armors_new_b 
 Loading Resource  armors_new_heraldic 
 Loading Resource  banners 
 Loading Resource  barrier_primitives 
 Loading Resource  body_meshes 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material undead_body for mesh undead_body 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material undead_body for mesh undead_handL 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material undead_body for mesh undead_handR 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material undead_body for mesh undead_calf_l 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material undead_body for mesh undead_calf_r Loading Resource  boots_a 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes2_skin for mesh ankle_boots_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes2_skin for mesh ankle_boots_a.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes6_skin for mesh lthr_greaves Loading Resource  boots_b 
 Loading Resource  boots_c 
 Loading Resource  bride_dress 
 Loading Resource  castle_a 
 Loading Resource  castle_b 
 Loading Resource  castle_c 
 Loading Resource  castle_d 
 Loading Resource  castle_e 
 Loading Resource  castle_f 
 Loading Resource  castle_g 
 Loading Resource  castle_h 
 Loading Resource  castle_i 
 Loading Resource  churches 
 Loading Resource  costumes_d 
 Loading Resource  crossbows 
 Loading Resource  deneme 
 Loading Resource  destroy 
 Loading Resource  doors 
 Loading Resource  dungeon 
 Loading Resource  fake_houses 
 Loading Resource  food 
 Loading Resource  full_plate_armor 
 Loading Resource  fur_armors_a 
 Loading Resource  gatehouse 
 Loading Resource  gauntlets_new 
 Loading Resource  grass_meshes 
 Loading Resource  grass_meshes_b 
 Loading Resource  helmets 
 Loading Resource  helmets_e 
 Loading Resource  helmets_f 
 Loading Resource  helpers 
 Loading Resource  horses_b 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material war_horse for mesh warhorse 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material war_horse for mesh warhorse.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material war_horse for mesh warhorse.lod2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material war_horse for mesh warhorse.lod3 Loading Resource  houses1 
 Loading Resource  interiors_a 
 Loading Resource  interiors_arabian 
 Loading Resource  interiors_b 
 Loading Resource  interiors_c 
 Loading Resource  interiors_d 
 Loading Resource  interiors_steppe 
 Loading Resource  item_meshes1 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes2_skin for mesh tunic_fur 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes2_skin for mesh armor_nomad 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes2_skin for mesh armor_nomad_b 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes4_skin for mesh coat_of_plates 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes4_skin for mesh mail_shirt 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes6_skin for mesh haubergeon_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes6_skin for mesh haubergeon_b 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes4_skin for mesh lamellar_armor 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes4_skin for mesh tourn_armor_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes13_skin for mesh padded_leather 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes4_skin for mesh std_lthr_coat 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes6_skin for mesh reinf_jerkin 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes6_skin for mesh hard_lthr_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes9_skin for mesh brigandine_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh hat_fur_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh helmet_fur_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh helmet_fur_a.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh helmet_fur_b 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh helmet_cm_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh mail_coif 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh mail_coif.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh padded_coif 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes1 for mesh turban_helmet 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh flattop_helmet 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh skull_cap 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh segmented_helm 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh segmented_helm.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh neckguard_helm 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh reinf_helmet 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh spiked_helmet 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh nasal_helmet 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh nasal_helmet.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh bascinet 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh bascinet.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes6 for mesh bascinet_avt 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes6 for mesh bascinet_avt.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes6 for mesh bascinet_nasal 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes6 for mesh bascinet_nasal.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh kettle_hat 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh helmet_w_eyeguard 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh barbutte 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh barbutte.lod1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material helmets for mesh leather_cap 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes10 for mesh turret_hat_r 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes10 for mesh turret_hat_b 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes11 for mesh turret_hat_g 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes11 for mesh wimple_a 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material costumes11 for mesh wimple_b 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh lthr_glove_L 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh lthr_glove_R 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh lthr_glove_Rx 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh lthr_glove_Lx 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh mail_mitten_L 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh mail_mitten_R 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh gauntlet_a_L 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh gauntlet_a_R 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh gauntlet_a_Rx 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh gauntlet_a_Lx 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh gauntlet_b_L 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh gauntlet_b_R 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh gauntlet_b_Rx 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh gauntlet_b_Lx 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh scale_gaunt_L 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh scale_gaunt_R 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh scale_gaunt_Rx 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material gauntlets for mesh scale_gaunt_Lx Loading Resource  khergit_lady_dress 
 Loading Resource  nordic_helmets 
 Loading Resource  object_b 
 Loading Resource  object_bodies 
 Loading Resource  object_c 
 Loading Resource  object_meshes 
 Loading Resource  particle_meshes 
 Loading Resource  particles_2 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material prt_shd_fire_3 for mesh prt_mesh_fire_3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material map_icons_b for mesh boat_sail_on 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material map_icons_b for mesh boat_sail_off Loading Resource  plant_meshes 
 Loading Resource  prisons 
 Loading Resource  prisons_b 
 Loading Resource  raw_materials 
 Loading Resource  rock 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_armor 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_armors 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_boots 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_helmets 
 Loading Resource  sarranid_lady_dress 
 Loading Resource  shields 
 Loading Resource  ship 
 Loading Resource  skyboxes 
 Loading Resource  snowy_castle 
 Loading Resource  snowy_houses 
 Loading Resource  spear 
 Loading Resource  square_keep 
 Loading Resource  steppe_fake_houses 
 Loading Resource  stone_houses 
 Loading Resource  tableau_shields 
 Loading Resource  terrain_borders 
 Loading Resource  terrain_borders_b 
 Loading Resource  town_houses 
 Loading Resource  town_houses_b 
 Loading Resource  town_houses_c 
 Loading Resource  town_houses_d 
 Loading Resource  town_houses_e 
 Loading Resource  tree_e_meshes 
 Loading Resource  tree_f 
 Loading Resource  tree_meshes 
 Loading Resource  ui_server_filter 
 Loading Resource  user_interface_b 
 Loading Resource  user_interface_c 
 Loading Resource  vaegir_helmets 
 Loading Resource  valleyProps 
 Loading Resource  viking_houses 
 Loading Resource  village_houses 
 Loading Resource  village_houses_a 
 Loading Resource  village_houses_b 
 Loading Resource  wall_meshes1 
 Loading Resource  warhorse_new 
 Loading Resource  wb_mp_objects_a 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes_b 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes_c 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes_d 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes_e 
 Loading Resource  weapon_meshes1 
 Loading Resource  weapons_e 
 Loading Resource  weapons_f 
 Loading Resource  workshops 
 Loading Resource  xtree_meshes 
 Loading Resource  xtree_meshes_b 
 Loading Resource  xtree_meshes_c 
 Loading Resource  skeletons 
 Loading Resource  horse_skeleton 
 Loading Resource  ani_attacks 
 Loading Resource  ani_crouch_down 
 Loading Resource  ani_death 
 Loading Resource  ani_defends 
 Loading Resource  ani_equip_arms 
 Loading Resource  ani_horse_mounted 
 Loading Resource  ani_human_mounted 
 Loading Resource  ani_jump 
 Loading Resource  ani_kicks 
 Loading Resource  ani_lady_stand 
 Loading Resource  ani_lancer 
 Loading Resource  ani_low_walk 
 Loading Resource  ani_man_cheer 
 Loading Resource  ani_man_walk 
 Loading Resource  ani_poses 
 Loading Resource  ani_run_lookingsides 
 Loading Resource  ani_run_p 
 Loading Resource  ani_run_sideways 
 Loading Resource  ani_stand 
 Loading Resource  ani_stand_guardsman 
 Loading Resource  ani_stand_onhorse 
 Loading Resource  ani_strikes 
 Loading Resource  ani_turn_man 
 Loading Resource  ani_walk_backward 
 Loading Resource  ani_walk_lookingsides 
 Loading Resource  ani_walk_sideways 
 Loading Resource  ani_wedding 
 Loading Resource  uni_defence 
 Loading Resource  uni_equip 
 Loading Resource  uni_fistswing 
 Loading Resource  uni_jump 
 Loading Resource  uni_lord_stand 
 Loading Resource  uni_sideways 
 Loading Resource  uni_stances 
 Loading Resource  uni_strike 
 Loading Resource  uni_strikes3 
 Loading Resource  uni_throws 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_user_interface 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_item_bounding_boxes 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_fixed_native 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_fixed_trees 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_outer_terrain 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_resources 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_mines 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_tools 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_weapons 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_food 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_walls 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_doors 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_enterable_village_houses 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_enterable_town_houses 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_enterable_castles 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_signposts 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_tunnels 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_rocks 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_carts 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_ships 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_ferry_boat 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_entertainment 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_banners 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_heraldic_armor 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_priests 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_animals 
 Loading Module Resource  pw_animations 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_animations 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_1h_weapons 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_2h_weapons 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_animals 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_armors 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_boots 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_bows 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_chairs 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_gloves 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_helmets 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_horses 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_instruments 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_polearms 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_props 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_skyboxes 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_shaders 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_terrain_borders 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material man_terrain_border for mesh outer_terrain_90plain_mountains 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material man_terrain_border_2 for mesh outer_terrain_90steppe_mountains 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material agua_mar for mesh outer_terrain_playa2 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material agua_mar for mesh outer_terrain_playa1 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material agua_mar for mesh outer_terrain_playa 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material agua_mar for mesh outer_terrain_playa3 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material agua_mar for mesh outer_terrain_playa4 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material agua_mar for mesh outer_terrain_playa5 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material agua_mar for mesh outer_terrain_mallorca Loading Module Resource  cm_trees 
 Loading Module Resource  cm_carts 
 Loading Module Resource  srp_skyboxes 
 
rgl_post_warning_line: WARNING: Unable to find material  for mesh srp_skybox_empty Unrecognized Module_info directive =  network_compatible . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  hide_other_mod_servers . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  ground_weapon_collision . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  use_missile_damage_type . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  allow_unset_script_params . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  module_download_url . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  fix_bots_blocking_for_dedicated_server . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_horse . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_horse . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_one_handed . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_one_handed . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_two_handed . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_two_handed . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_polearm . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_polearm . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_arrows . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_arrows . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_bolts . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_bolts . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_shield . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_shield . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_bow . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_bow . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_crossbow . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_crossbow . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_thrown . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_thrown . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_goods . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_goods . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_head_armor . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_head_armor . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_body_armor . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_body_armor . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_foot_armor . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_foot_armor . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_hand_armor . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_hand_armor . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_pistol . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_pistol . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_musket . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_musket . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_bullets . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_bullets . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_animal . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_animal . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_attribute_itp_type_book . Skipping.
 Unrecognized Module_info directive =  difficulty_skill_itp_type_book . Skipping.
 
} //Processing Ini File Finished
 Loading Module...
 Loading item kinds...
 Loading dialogs...
 Loading mission templates...
 Loading party templates...
 Unable to find link for scene prop - instance: 3550 kind: 2541 link kind: 2541 link id: 0
 Unable to find link for scene prop - instance: 2607 kind: 2542 link kind: 2542 link id: 0
 Unable to find link for scene prop - instance: 2608 kind: 2542 link kind: 2542 link id: 9
 Illegal lvalue in statement; Opcode = 2133; LINE NO: 0: 
 At Script [1] pkjs_ping. 
 Error: the inventory load out id 110 is not defined.
 